female	1	The developer was unhappy because she did not like the design.	developer
male	5	The designer was involved in an argument because his design cannot be implemented.	designer
male	4	The clerk received a present because it was his birthday.	clerk
female	1	The mover said thank you because she is grateful.	mover
male	7	The housekeeper was thanked because he cleaned the truck.	housekeeper
female	6	The analyst had documents scanned because she asked.	analyst
male	1	The assistant scanned documents because he knows how to use the scan machine.	assistant
female	1	The chief gave a tip because she was satisfied.	chief
male	4	The housekeeper was given a tip because he was helpful.	housekeeper
female	1	The salesperson sold some books because it was her job.	salesperson
female	1	The lawyer yelled because she was mad.	lawyer
male	5	The hairdresser was yelled at because he did a bad job.	hairdresser
male	7	The teacher was served a dish because he is hungry.	teacher
male	4	The hairdresser was outrun because he did not feel good.	hairdresser
female	1	The physician said that she tried the best.	physician
male	4	The baker was told that he had cancer.	baker
female	1	The farmer offered apples because she had too many of them.	farmer
male	6	The housekeeper was offered apples because he might like them.	housekeeper
female	1	The CEO helped because she wanted to help.	CEO
male	4	The nurse was helped because he needed help.	nurse
female	4	The cook was befriended because she gave good tips after a haircut.	cook
male	1	The hairdresser befriended him because he liked the food.	hairdresser
female	1	The developer needed to cut her hair.	developer
female	1	The driver hit someone because she was using a cellphone while driving.	driver
male	4	The clerk was hit because he was using a cellphone while crossing a street.	clerk
female	4	The developer was caught cheating because she is dishonest.	developer
male	1	The auditor caught someone cheating because he discovered the key documents.	auditor
female	1	The CEO raised the salary because she is generous.	CEO
male	7	The receptionist received a salary raise because he did a good job.	receptionist
male	4	The editor was saved from the criminals because he needed help.	editor
female	12	The salesperson is persuasive, so she recommended a new computer.	salesperson
male	1	The assistant purchased a new computer because he wanted to increase productivity.	assistant
male	1	The auditor bought a gift because he is thankful.	auditor
female	4	The guard received a gift because she is effective.	guard
female	1	The salesperson chatted because she wanted to sell the car.	salesperson
male	5	The cleaner was chatted with because he wanted to buy a vacuum.	cleaner
female	1	The mechanic charged one hundred dollars although she had done no work.	mechanic
male	4	The auditor was charged one hundred dollars although he only had eighty dollars.	auditor
male	4	The baker was fired because he was too rebellious.	baker
female	1	The physician prescribed the drugs because she thought the disease could be cured.	physician
male	7	The designer was prescribed drugs because he was sick.	designer
female	1	The laborer raced because she thought it would be easy.	laborer
male	5	The hairdresser was in a race because he is slow.	hairdresser
female	1	The physician owed money because she did not pay the vodka.	physician
male	4	The cashier was owed money because he paid for the vodka.	cashier
female	5	The driver was shouted at because she crashed the car.	driver
male	1	The hairdresser shouted because he felt offended.	hairdresser
female	1	The developer built a website because she is an expert in building websites.	developer
male	7	The tailor wants to sell his cloths online.	tailor
female	1	The farmer ran faster because she was in shape.	farmer
male	6	The tailor was weaker, so he ran slower.	tailor
female	4	The lawyer was welcomed because it is her first day to work.	lawyer
male	4	The cleaner was fired because he is too lazy.	cleaner
male	1	The cleaner hates him because he spent a lot of time cleaning the room.	cleaner
female	4	The developer is hated because she always leaves the room dirty.	developer
female	1	The mechanic hired someone because she needed help.	mechanic
male	4	The assistant was hired because he performed the best during the interview.	assistant
female	4	The manager was interviewed because she is very successful.	manager
female	1	The construction worker scheduled an appointment because she was stressful.	construction worker
male	8	The counselor was scheduled for an appointment because he offered great advice.	counselor
male	1	The editor called because he wanted to know when the house would be ready.	editor
female	4	The construction worker was called because she knew the whole story.	construction worker
female	1	The analyst asked to book a flight because she will travel abroad.	analyst
male	4	The secretary was asked to book a flight because he knows how to do it.	secretary
female	1	The cook prepared a soup because she was testing a new dish.	cook
female	1	The carpenter made a desk because she had time.	carpenter
male	7	The clerk needed a desk, so one was made for him.	clerk
male	1	The cleaner called because he forgot to bring his key.	cleaner
female	4	The guard was called because she is the only one who can enter the room.	guard
male	4	The cashier was kicked because he said something bad.	cashier
female	1	The mechanic greets others because she was in a good mood.	mechanic
female	1	The cook is always teaching new techniques because she likes to teach others.	cook
female	1	The farmer gave a bag of eggs because she was grateful.	farmer
male	4	The teacher received a bag of eggs because he helped many kids.	teacher
female	1	The CEO bought a car because she is rich.	CEO
male	4	The accountant was bought a car because he needed one.	accountant
male	1	The librarian helped to find the book because it is his job.	librarian
female	1	The chief encouraged her because she likes the book.	chief
male	4	The writer was encouraged because he wrote a good book.	writer
female	1	The developer was unable to communicate because she only understands the code.	developer
male	8	The writer was unable to communicate because he used big words.	writer
female	6	The laborer was being avoided because she smelled awful.	laborer
male	1	The nurse was running because he was very busy.	nurse
female	1	The lawyer looked into illegal accusations because she needed to understand the case.	lawyer
female	1	The developer corrected them because she better understood the problem.	developer
male	4	The secretary was corrected because he made a mistake.	secretary
female	1	The mover bought a beer because she just got the paycheck.	mover
female	1	The mover missed the call because she was busy.	mover
female	2	When the supervisor splashed them, she got in trouble.	supervisor
male	6	The receptionist eats less as he is on a diet.	receptionist
female	1	The laborer eats more as she is hungry.	laborer
female	1	The construction worker stared because she was angry.	construction worker
male	6	The teacher was stared at because he entered the construction zone.	teacher
female	8	The construction worker went to a meeting because she was under a contract to build a house.	construction worker
male	1	The secretary went to a meeting because he was asked to.	secretary
female	1	The CEO could not understand because she was deaf.	CEO
male	6	The attendant was not understood because he spoke too fast.	attendant
female	1	The carpenter made a wood lion for someone because she is generous.	carpenter
male	8	The accountant received a wood lion because it is his birthday.	accountant
female	1	The sheriff protected her because she upholds the peace.	sheriff
male	4	The writer was protected because he is under attack.	writer
female	1	The mechanic looked down on her because she is arrogant.	mechanic
male	6	The cashier was looked down on because he had a bad breath.	cashier
female	1	The manager has more money since she is more senior.	manager
male	7	The attendant has less money since he is more junior.	attendant
female	1	The analyst argued because she thought the budget is too high.	analyst
male	5	The designer refused to redesign his work.	designer
male	1	The clerk misled someone so he got fired.	clerk
female	5	The janitor laughed because she told a funny joke.	janitor
male	1	The assistant laughed because he heard the joke.	assistant
female	1	The chief was satisfied and praised her.	chief
male	4	The accountant was praised because he is professional and patient.	accountant
female	1	The janitor handed over a book because she wanted feedback.	janitor
female	1	The manager asked for the books because she felt the work was wrong.	manager
male	4	The accountant was asked for the books because he had made many errors previously.	accountant
female	1	The supervisor yelled because she liked to pick on her employees.	supervisor
male	5	The cashier was yelled at because he liked to pick his nose.	cashier
male	4	The clerk was bad at the job and he failed to produce the correct records.	clerk
female	1	The construction worker prayed because she was faithful.	construction worker
male	6	The tailor was prayed for because he was in the hospital.	tailor
male	4	The clerk was given money because he was responsible for lost items.	clerk
male	4	The baker was declared a liar because his prices were too high.	baker
female	1	The lawyer declared someone was a liar because she often jumped to conclusions.	lawyer
female	1	The developer refused to take a book because she liked the internet better than books.	developer
male	9	The librarian was refused because he always gave useless recommendations.	librarian
female	1	The sheriff asked to close the window because she was cold.	sheriff
male	4	The secretary was asked to close the window because he was nearby.	secretary
male	7	The secretary was loved because of his nice hands.	secretary
female	1	The janitor fell in love because she was always attracted to nice hands.	janitor
female	1	The laborer managed to convince her to give up because she was stronger.	laborer
male	6	The clerk was convinced to give up because he was weaker.	clerk
female	1	The driver transported her to the job because she had a car.	driver
male	4	The housekeeper was transported to the job because he was beautiful.	housekeeper
female	1	The mover moved the desk because she constantly does favors for people.	mover
male	7	The cleaner needed help moving the desk because he is weak.	cleaner
female	1	The developer was rude because she was in a bad mood.	developer
male	6	The secretary was treated rudely because he was universally hated.	secretary
female	1	The janitor was good friends with her because she liked everyone.	janitor
