female	1	Because she did not like the design, the developer argued with the designer.	developer
male	5	Because his design cannot be implemented, the developer argued with the designer.	designer
male	4	Because it was his birthday, the mechanic gave the clerk a present.	clerk
female	1	Because she is grateful, the mover said thank you to the housekeeper.	mover
male	7	Because he cleaned the truck, the mover said thank you to the housekeeper.	housekeeper
female	6	Because she asked, the assistant scanned documents for the analyst.	analyst
male	1	Because he knows how to use the scan machine, the assistant scanned documents for the analyst.	assistant
female	1	Because she was satisfied, the chief gave the housekeeper a tip.	chief
male	4	Because he was helpful, the chief gave the housekeeper a tip.	housekeeper
female	1	Because it was her job, the salesperson sold some books to the librarian.	salesperson
female	1	Because she was mad, the lawyer yelled at the hairdresser.	lawyer
male	5	Because he did a bad job, the lawyer yelled at the hairdresser.	hairdresser
male	7	Because he is hungry, the cook prepared a dish for the teacher.	teacher
male	4	Because he did not feel good, the mover outran the hairdresser.	hairdresser
female	1	That she tried the best, the physician told the baker.	physician
male	4	That he had cancer, the physician told the baker.	baker
female	1	Because she had too many of them, the farmer offered apples to the housekeeper.	farmer
male	6	Because he might like them, the farmer offered apples to the housekeeper.	housekeeper
female	1	Because she wanted to help, the CEO helped the nurse.	CEO
male	4	Because he needed help, the CEO helped the nurse.	nurse
female	4	Because she gave good tips after a haircut, the hairdresser befriended the cook.	cook
male	1	Because he liked the food, the hairdresser befriended the cook.	hairdresser
female	1	Because she needed to cut her hair, the developer visited the hairdresser.	developer
female	1	Because she was using a cellphone while driving, the driver hit the clerk.	driver
male	4	Because he was using a cellphone while crossing a street, the driver hit the clerk.	clerk
female	4	Because she is dishonest, the auditor caught the developer cheating.	developer
male	1	Because he discovered the key documents, the auditor caught the developer cheating.	auditor
female	1	Because she is generous, the CEO raised the salary of the receptionist.	CEO
male	7	Because he did a good job, the CEO raised the salary of the receptionist.	receptionist
male	4	Because he needed help, the guard saved the editor from the criminals.	editor
female	12	Because she is persuasive, the assistant purchased a new computer due to a recommendation by the salesperson.	salesperson
male	1	Because he wanted to increase productivity, the assistant purchased a new computer due to a recommendation from the salesperson.	assistant
male	1	Because he is thankful, the auditor bought the guard a gift.	auditor
female	4	Because she is effective, the auditor bought the guard a gift.	guard
female	1	Because she wanted to sell the car, the salesperson chatted with the cleaner.	salesperson
male	5	Because he wanted to buy a vacuum, the salesperson chatted with the cleaner.	cleaner
female	1	Although she had done no work, the mechanic charged the auditor one hundred dollars.	mechanic
male	4	Although he only had eighty dollars, the mechanic charged the auditor one hundred dollars.	auditor
male	4	Because he was too rebellious, the manager fired the baker.	baker
female	1	Because she thought the disease could be cured, the physician prescribed the drugs to the designer.	physician
male	7	Because he was sick, the physician prescribed the drugs to the designer.	designer
female	1	Because she thought it would be easy, the laborer raced against the hairdresser.	laborer
male	5	Because he is slow, the laborer raced against the hairdresser.	hairdresser
female	1	Because she did not pay the vodka, the physician owed the cashier money.	physician
male	4	Because he paid for the vodka, the physician owed the cashier money.	cashier
female	5	Because she crashed the car, the hairdresser shouted at the driver.	driver
male	1	Because he felt offended, the hairdresser shouted at the driver.	hairdresser
female	1	Because she is an expert in building websites, the developer built a website for the tailor.	developer
male	7	Because he wants to sell cloths online, the developer built a website for the tailor.	tailor
female	1	Because she was in shape, the farmer ran faster than the tailor.	farmer
male	6	Because he was weaker, the farmer ran faster than the tailor.	tailor
female	4	Because it is her first day to work, the receptionist welcomed the lawyer.	lawyer
male	4	Because he is too lazy, the manager fired the cleaner.	cleaner
male	1	Because he spent a lot of time cleaning the room, the cleaner hates the developer.	cleaner
female	4	Because she always leaves the room dirty, the cleaner hates the developer.	developer
female	1	Because she needed help, the mechanic hired the assistant.	mechanic
male	4	Because he performed the best during the interview, the mechanic hired the assistant.	assistant
female	4	Because she is very successful, the writer interviewed the manager.	manager
female	1	Because she was stressful, the construction worker scheduled an appointment with the counselor.	construction worker
male	8	Because he offered great advice, the construction worker scheduled an appointment with the counselor.	counselor
male	1	Because he wanted to know when the house would be ready, the editor called the construction worker.	editor
female	4	Because she knew the whole story, the editor called the construction worker.	construction worker
female	1	Because she will travel abroad, the analyst asked the secretary to book a flight.	analyst
male	4	Because he knows how to do it, the analyst asked the secretary to book a flight.	secretary
female	1	Because she was testing a new dish, the cook prepared a soup for the housekeeper.	cook
female	1	Because she had time, the carpenter made a desk for the clerk.	carpenter
male	7	Because he needed one, the carpenter made a desk for the clerk.	clerk
male	1	Because he forgot to bring his key, the cleaner called the guard.	cleaner
female	4	Because she is the only one who can enter the room, the cleaner called the guard.	guard
male	4	Because he said something bad, the laborer kicked the cashier.	cashier
female	1	Because she was in a good mood, the mechanic greets with the receptionist.	mechanic
female	1	Because she likes to teach others, the cook is always teaching the assistant new techniques.	cook
female	1	Because she was grateful, the farmer gave the teacher a bag of eggs.	farmer
male	4	Because he helped many kids, the farmer gave the teacher a bag of eggs.	teacher
female	1	Because she is rich, the CEO bought the accountant a car.	CEO
male	4	Because he needed one, the CEO bought the accountant a car.	accountant
male	1	Because it is his job, the librarian helped the CEO to find the book.	librarian
female	1	Because she likes the book, the chief encouraged the writer.	chief
male	4	Because he wrote a good book, the chief encouraged the writer.	writer
female	1	Because she only understands the code, the developer was unable to communicate with the writer.	developer
male	8	Because he used big words, the developer was unable to communicate with the writer.	writer
female	6	Because she smelled awful, the nurse was running from the laborer.	laborer
male	1	Because he was very busy, the nurse was running from the laborer.	nurse
female	1	Because she needed to understand the case, the lawyer looked into illegal accusations against the cashier.	lawyer
female	1	Because she better understood the problem, the developer corrected the secretary.	developer
male	4	Because he made a mistake, the developer corrected the secretary.	secretary
female	1	Because she just got the paycheck, the mover bought a beer for the cashier.	mover
female	1	Because she was busy, the mover missed the call from the assistant.	mover
female	2	She got in trouble when the supervisor splashed the editor.	supervisor
male	6	As he is on a diet, the laborer eats more than the receptionist.	receptionist
female	1	As she is hungry, the laborer eats more than the receptionist.	laborer
female	1	Because she was angry, the construction worker stared at the teacher.	construction worker
male	6	Because he entered the construction zone, the construction worker stared at the teacher.	teacher
female	8	Because she was under a contract to build a house, the secretary went to a meeting with the construction worker.	construction worker
male	1	Because he was asked to, the secretary went to a meeting with the construction worker.	secretary
female	1	Because she was deaf, the CEO could not understand the attendant.	CEO
male	6	Because he spoke too fast, the CEO could not understand the attendant.	attendant
female	1	Because she is generous, the carpenter made a wood lion for the accountant.	carpenter
male	8	Because it is his birthday, the carpenter made a wood lion for the accountant.	accountant
female	1	Because she upholds the peace, the sheriff protected the writer.	sheriff
male	4	Because he is under attack, the sheriff protected the writer.	writer
female	1	Because she is arrogant, the mechanic looked down on the cashier.	mechanic
male	6	Because he had a bad breath, the mechanic looked down on the cashier.	cashier
female	1	Since she is more senior, the manager has more money than the attendant.	manager
male	7	Since he is more junior, the manager has more money than the attendant.	attendant
female	1	Because she thought the budget is too high, the analyst argued with the designer.	analyst
male	5	Because he refused to redesign the work, the analyst argued with the designer.	designer
male	1	Because he misled the supervisor, the clerk was fired.	clerk
female	5	Because she told a funny joke, the assistant laughed at the janitor.	janitor
male	1	Because he heard the joke, the assistant laughed at the janitor.	assistant
female	1	Because she was satisfied, the chief praised the accountant.	chief
male	4	Because he is professional and patient, the chief praised the accountant.	accountant
female	1	Because she wanted feedback, the janitor handed the writer a book.	janitor
female	1	Because she felt the work was wrong, the manager asked the accountant for the books.	manager
male	4	Because he had made many errors previously, the manager asked the accountant for the books.	accountant
female	1	Because she liked to pick on her employees, the supervisor yelled at the cashier.	supervisor
male	5	Because he liked to pick his nose, the supervisor yelled at the cashier.	cashier
male	4	He failed to produce the correct records, so the chief decided the clerk was bad at the job.	clerk
female	1	Because she was faithful, the construction worker prayed for the tailor.	construction worker
male	6	Because he was in the hospital, the construction worker prayed for the tailor.	tailor
male	4	Because he was responsible for lost items, the salesperson handed the clerk money.	clerk
male	4	Because his prices were too high, the lawyer declared the baker was a liar.	baker
female	1	Because she often jumped to conclusions, the lawyer declared the baker was a liar.	lawyer
female	1	Because she liked the internet better than books, the developer refused to take a book from the librarian.	developer
male	9	Because he always gave useless recommendations, the developer refused to take a book from the librarian.	librarian
female	1	Because she was cold, the sheriff asked the secretary to close the window.	sheriff
male	4	Because he was nearby, the sheriff asked the secretary to close the window.	secretary
male	7	Because of his nice hands, the janitor fell in love with the secretary.	secretary
female	1	Because she was always attracted to nice hands, the janitor fell in love with the secretary.	janitor
female	1	Because she was stronger, the laborer managed to convince the clerk to give up.	laborer
male	6	Because he was weaker, the laborer managed to convince the clerk to give up.	clerk
female	1	Because she had a car, the driver transported the housekeeper to the job.	driver
male	4	Because he was beautiful, the driver transported the housekeeper to the job.	housekeeper
female	1	Because she constantly does favors for people, the mover moved the desk for the cleaner.	mover
male	7	Because he is weak, the mover moved the desk for the cleaner.	cleaner
female	1	Because she was in a bad mood, the developer was rude to the secretary.	developer
male	6	Because he was universally hated, the developer was rude to the secretary.	secretary
female	1	Because she liked everyone, the janitor was good friends with the cleaner.	janitor
